samples: peripheral_mds: Add note about experimental web client (#11398)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_mds/README.rst

   See :ref:`peripheral_mds_user_interface` for details about button functions.
#. Explore the Memfault user interface to see the errors and metrics sent from your device.

Testing with Memfault WebBluetooth Client
-----------------------------------------

.. note::
   The Web Bluetooth API used by the `Memfault WebBluetooth Client`_ is an experimental feature.

>    It might not work properly depending on your browser and machine OS compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The functionality depends on your browser and computer OS compatibility.
```

1. |connect_terminal_ANSI|
#. Reset your development kit.
#. Observe that the sample starts.
#. Open a recent version of the `Google Chrome browser`_.
#. Run the `Memfault WebBluetooth Client`_ script to forward Memfault diagnostic data to the cloud.
   For more details, see the `Memfault WebBluetooth Client source code`_.
#. Make sure that your development kit is advertising.
#. In the browser, click the :guilabel:`Connect` button and select your device from the list.
#. Use the buttons on your development kit to confirm or reject a pairing request:

   .. code-block:: console

      Pairing confirmation required for 6D:99:66:6E:19:72 (random)
      Press Button 1 to confirm, Button 2 to reject.

#. Upon connection, data already collected by the `Memfault SDK`_ is forwarded to the cloud for further the analysis.

>    When connected, the new data is periodically flushed to the cloud with the interval configured by the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MDS_DATA_POLL_INTERVAL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When connected, the new data is periodically flushed to the cloud with the interval configured by the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MDS_DATA_POLL_INTERVAL`.
```

#. Upload the symbol file generated from your build to your Memfault account so that the information from your application can be parsed.

>    The symbol file is located in the build folder :file:`peripheral_memfault/build/zephyr/zephyr.elf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :file:`zephyr.elf`symbol file is located in the build folder :file:`peripheral_memfault/build/zephyr`.
```

>    The :file:`zephyr.elf`symbol file is located in the build folder :file:`peripheral_memfault/build/zephyr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :file:`zephyr.elf` symbol file is located in the build folder :file:`peripheral_memfault/build/zephyr`.
```
Whoops, the missing space was doing funny stuff.

Author: Fixed
